oh my goodness look what we just found
on the side of the street
oh my goodness it's like a street side
chicken sanctuary
wow and this is the sweet thai
chili sauce they're gonna pour on top oh
my goodness it's just a never-ending
sauce fest here
all right check it out guys this is
trevor james we are in taranganu on the
east coast of malaysia
this is the land of endless beaches and
delicious food and i'm so excited
because today
we are continuing our road trip up the
east coast driving to kotabaru
and bringing you for tons of street food
we find along the way
let's go check it out guys
this is part six of seven of our
ultimate
east coast malaysia road trip and today
you're in for a treat because we're
bringing you in full
on for tons of unique street food in the
local markets that we encounter along
the way
and a very unique feast at the end of
the video is gonna make you
hungry let's eat and check this out guys
first up we are in a local market
there is a lot going on here fresh fruit
local vegetables you can smell the stink
beans the patai
there's pandan leaves local herbal
tropical ingredients here for all of the
malay cooking
and look at that guys she just gave us
this snake fruit
[Music]
oh it's sour and sweet mmm
thank you thank you and first up look at
this we're in a local morning market
there's tons of food and we're going to
choose one of these
to eat from salama peggy
wow that's the nasi dagang taranganu
special with a ikan
tonko that's tuna oh that's chicken
curry
oh dagon kerma beef korma indianapolis
and this is just amazing guys you can
get your yellow sweet sticky rice
or you can get your nasi dagang this is
the classic taranganu special and you
get that with this ikan
tonko gulai which is a tuna fish gulai
curry with santan but i think what we're
going to try is this nasi minyak
[Music]
okay that's what i think we're going to
try because it looks so colorful
and unpacks it up and maybe some
let's try that and here we go guys look
at this we've got the nasi minyak that's
the
ghee infused local rice with you can
actually see cardamom
cinnamon i think there's star nice in
there as well and
oh there's pandan ginger wow with so
many spices
oh yes please thank you oh yeah
that'll be good
and there it is there my cassie
that's the special assemble chili sauce
that's going to be really good and here
we go taramakasi
we got the nasi minyak guys in the local
market
nom pak sit up and look at this that's
it right there
and this is such a famous ghee infused
rice dish guys this is classically
filled with a boom boo spice
mix usually with cardamom starnese
cloves caraway
cinnamon onion garlic curry powder all
the good stuff
and then with the curry i am okay i am
wow so we've got the curry i am the
chicken curry we've got the sambal
and that's a spicy sambal nasi
[Music]
[Laughter]
wow people are so friendly here and i've
just mixed a little chicken curry in
there
but let's just try that rice puree first
mmm oh wow
it's like a malay biryani in a way you
can taste the local spices
definitely some cardamom in there
definitely some cinnamon
and definitely some local pandan as well
and now we can just flood it
as they say in malaysia banjir with that
curry yum this is the combo
that they recommended and let's take a
little bit of this spicy sambal
and just take it down you can see
there's a mix of red and green chilies
in there
what a flavor explosion
that is definitely one of the best rice
dishes in the world with that sambal
your mouth just burns it's like there's
fireworks in your mouth but it's
satisfying
oh roti tonight yes tara mckessie
that's really one of the best parts of
living in malaysia it was the hundreds
of varieties of curries sang it's enough
thank you the nasi maniac wow
that's amazing tara makassi
see you next time okay thank you thank
you
and we are off guys we're making our way
to kotabaru the pinnacle of our trip
let's go and next up before our insane
lemongrass tandoori chicken malay style
encounter
we stopped on the side of the road and
found a bustling
beach market awesome guys and we are
off just driving past the beach roads it
is absolutely beautiful here guys
we're driving past coconut lined beach
roads
and there's just endless beaches here
and look at this guys we're just driving
through a beach market
wow tons of stalls let's see if we can
find something to eat on the way
okay and there's a beach market look at
this
wow and just look at this beauty guys
there's so much fresh air here and
tropical vibes and there's a few food
stalls here
selling veg and fruit and we're going to
see maybe we can get a quick little
snack
and looks like we found a very unique
stall here salamat kaka
wow indian
[Music]
oh my goodness we just found a
traditional malaysian
kuey dessert and you can see she's
making it right here and they just get
fried in the oil
[Laughter]
so she just explained it's made with
rice flour gula malaca palm sugar and
then regular sugar and you can see they
come off in these sticks here
they just go right in the oil and then
you get this long
stick of kuey tradition
oh it's still hot tiramisu
mmm oh wow
they have this charry smokiness to them
from being fried in that oil
they're definitely sweet but it's a palm
sugar sweetness tara mckessie
wow and we're gonna keep exploring
thank you bye-bye and we're gonna keep
driving and make our way up north
to kota baru let's go check it out and
now we're moving into the ultimate juicy
chicken
as we were driving our way up to
kotabaru right on the side of the street
we found the most juicy malay style
tandoori chicken
you need to see this okay guys and we're
almost in kotobaro now but there's a few
stalls
we've just seen on the side of the road
one up here let's stop and see what it
is i think it looks
super interesting and here we are guys i
think i saw a whole chicken
let's go check it out
[Music]
oh i am
i am tempo oh my goodness look what we
just found on the side of the street
oh my goodness it's like a street side
chicken sanctuary
wow ini
manis manis aragula
land
and there it goes it's like a tandoori
chicken on the side of the street except
this malaysian style
secret padas so it's spicy and a little
sweet
and it's just street side tandoors here
this is the kotabaru special look at how
crispy that skin looks and this is the
sweet thai chili sauce they're gonna
pour on top
spicy perez
oh my goodness it's just a never-ending
sauce fest here
wow it's a golden aura chicken it just
glistens in the light
and they've covered it in a sour spicy
sweet
sauce and you can see wow there's garlic
and there's coriander in there
and that chicken look at that it's just
falling apart
wow let's just make sure to get a little
skin on there and go right in for a
juicy bite and you can see he's just
chopping non-stop let's try it out
[Music]
oh it's definitely sweet but it's not
overly sweet
and there is a lot of ingredients in
that marinade guys you can definitely
taste
lemongrass serrai some kung turmeric
it almost tastes like honey mixed with
lemongrass
and i think the best part is how it has
that cold aroma to it that natural smoke
and they're just loading us with more
sauce you can taste that coriander and
lemongrass
sang is it up
oh and you can cool off with mango look
at that guys
you can cool off with a mango juice too
right on the side of the road
tara mckessie i think we just found
heaven guys mango juice
lemongrass tandoori chicken and what a
beautiful country this is
tiramikaze sang and sit up
number one so
nice wow bye-bye and we are off let's go
to kotabaru
next up before our super delicious and
unique street dinner
we found another local market selling
some super traditional
and delicious snacks you're gonna love
these and here we are guys
just made it into kota baru this is
the pinnacle the final destination of
our trip
on our east coast malaysia road trip and
first up just got in we're gonna hit the
local
market and see what we can find before
dinner and here we are guys
first stop in kotabaru
local market let's see what we can find
hi kaka
how are you
oh and what do we have here
oh my i think we just found the jackpot
guys wow so this is pollute wrapped in a
banana leaf sticky rice
santan and this is the pollute santana
so it's regular gula and look at this
once they're wrapped up they put in this
device here and right over the flame
and they are picard they are grilled as
it's called here
is set up set up
very delicious awesome oh and there it
is the pulutakar
oh and you can see she's just pressing
it
with the banana leaf naturally and then
it goes back on
wow
okay let's try it out that's the pulut
bakar
karamakasi wow
that is beautiful look at that golden
brown
crispy sticky rice jeremy cassie
that's it right there guys oh it's so
hot still so hot
right off of the press and they just put
a little oil in there you can feel
oh extremely hot therma cassie
[Music]
wow oh my goodness it is all about
that crispy blackened sticky rice on the
bottom
it gives it this toasted almost
nuttiness
and then it is sweet they do load it
with sugar but it's not too sweet
wow it just goes down like nothing you
can eat the whole thing
simple sticky rice but it's so delicious
toasted
smokey flavor tara makassi song and sit
up
song see you next time bye-bye
wow and right across here hello
oh in india
oh and she's making them into balls with
the gula melaka on the inside
and then puts them in here and they turn
into desserts oh wow and here they come
out look at this
this is the coconut oh and she's gonna
coat them on
wow they're like sticky rice
pandan balls with gula melaka coated in
coconut oh it's still so hot
wow there my cassie wow so that is like
a sticky rice flour pandan
sweet dessert okay
oh
oh wow
wow and there it is guys you can see the
gula melaka is just oozing out that is
like
sugar upgraded it is so aromatic
[Music]
we're going to get 10 of these look at
this guys 10 and they just explode that
gula melaka is almost like a caramel
caramel
sanga sit up and they're still so hot
thermogasy
see you bye-bye and there's so much in
this market look at this guys there's
another stall
apocaba hi boss how are you
oh and you can see there's the flower
and eggs combo
iniappa
and this is so cool guys look at all the
specialties that he's got here as well
he's got i think these are sardine puffs
this is a potato puff this is a thai
some tom salad and then i am goreng
and more i am going fried chicken and
this is the real specialty here guys
look at that
wow it's fluffy then it up oh
wow look at the bottom it's beautiful
look at that flip
it's got a brown crispy bottom to it now
any
manis
oh my goodness and here it is look at
that it's like an egg
pancake wow an egg
pancake with coconut wrapped up and then
they just go right here
beautiful saya
satu thermogasi and there it is guys
let's try one of these out wow and there
it is look at that it's a full
on egg coconut pancake
and it's still steaming with coconut
let's try it out
wow that is definitely sweet and fluffy
it's one of the fluffiest pancakes i
think i've ever eaten
that's a sweet fluffy definitely
egg-filled
pancake
oh they're so soft turmeric i see sit up
such a cool market and we're gonna go
for dinner now see you
bye-bye awesome and what a super cool
market guys we are going to finish up
the day
just arrived in kotabaru with a
delicious dinner let's go check it out
and last up to finish up the night we're
bringing you in for a full
on super delicious ultra gravy filled
massey cucus dinner steamed rice and
mixed dishes
one of the true joys of malaysia watch
this
okay guys and to finish up the night
we're just coming in
to chinatown this is kotabaru
kalantani's food
and we're bringing you for a full on
tour in the next video and tonight we're
just going to finish
up with right here look at this people
lining up in the rain
for some nasi kukus this is it kotabaru
and i believe they're going to have the
i am per chick a kalenthanes
oh barbecued chicken let's line up none
packs it up
mom it up hi wow and look at this
fried chicken station
absolute mastery of the fried chicken
this is i am goring
with a spice mix on the outside oh my
goodness and here's the
i am going i am going burempa
this is it's loaded
with a spice mix sometimes there's
lemongrass
oh my and it's so aromatic
and so full of malaysian flavor there's
ginger and lemongrass
and there's the chicken mountain look at
that
it's a never-ending chicken mountain and
we're almost at the front of the line
now you can just see it's complete
action here
so many dishes to try and just look at
all these specialties there's so many
different types of curries and goulash
and this is kalantani's food
and just look at this guys it's a
non-stop curry mixing station
we're going to get in the line but just
take a look
wow look at this you get your steamed
rice and then a mixture of curries
a lot of people are getting the fried
chicken and then the cucumbers and then
the sambal mixed oh it's just a
beautiful combo hi bas banyak
uh i am per chick tiramikaze we're going
to get the kale anthony's
i am per chick so spicy barbecued
chicken
than ikan bellis that's anchovies and
chilies and peanuts
and uh tellur talor then uh
oh tiramica then uh curry mixing
yeah this is the best part watch this
he's gonna mix it with all the different
curries and
sambals oh yes
look at that it's absolutely beautiful
and then a little pickled cucumber on
there tara mccasio
thank you thank you there we go
thank you and there it is guys look at
that we just got the nasi kukkus and
this is the kalantanese specialty guys
this is a roasted chicken
married in tons of spices like turmeric
and cumin and coriander and then of
course lemongrass and coconut milk
and tamarind and it's absolutely
beautiful look at this
there's a spicy chili sauce we got the
ikan bilis that's classic
fried anchovies fried peanuts pickled
cucumber
we got a unique this looks like a spicy
almost like a
fried egg in a sambal and then we've got
sotong
and then the real joy here is this rice
look at how he's loaded a few different
types of curries on there
and a sambal and there's actually an
ikan on there as well
let's first just taste that rice oh
and it's nasty cucus it's steamed white
[Music]
rice
no wonder the lineup is so long look at
that
that is incredibly delicious oh my
goodness that is spicy
and aromatic with lemongrass it all
mixes so well together especially
the econ bill is the crunchy fried
anchovies and peanuts and this is one of
the dishes we came
to kotabaru for the kalantani's
specialty the i am for chick
let's just take it down
oh it's sweet oh my goodness it's like a
lemongrass
coconut milky infused juicy chicken meat
and slightly sweet it's also got a
little bit of tamarind flavor in there
and what a rice combo
but overall the level of aroma from that
lemongrass and maybe some kaffir lime in
there as well
just brings up that curry to a whole new
level
and i thought we were done filming and i
was just continuing to eat this and
finish it
but there's one more thing i wanted to
add it's burning
this is a very hot meal and if you love
spicy you will love this
because it is like a fire
in your mouth
oh it's so burning thank you see you
bye see you next time thank you what a
wonderful day it has been
please leave us a comment down below
this is just the beginning next video
we're taking you for a full on
kalantani street food adventure here in
kotabaru hope you enjoyed it guys
and thanks so much for watching